chore: add issue and PR templates (#74)
ApeWorX/ape: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### What I did

Related issue: #

### How I did it

### How to verify it

### Checklist

- [ ] Passes all linting checks (pre-commit and CI jobs)
- [ ] New test cases have been added and are passing
- [ ] Documentation has been updated

> - [ ] Commit messages and PR title follow [Conventional Commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard (will be automatically included in the changelog)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] PR title follows [Conventional Commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard (will be automatically included in the changelog)
```
